Update ASSOCF_str.md (#1921)
MicrosoftDocs/win32: desktop-src/shell/ASSOCF_str.md

**Introduced in Windows 8.1**. Specifies that the ProgID corresponds with a file extension based association. Use together with **ASSOCF\_INIT\_FIXED\_PROGID**.

 <span id="ASSOCF_IS_FULL_URI"></span><span id="assocf_is_full_uri"></span>**ASSOCF\_IS\_FULL\_URI** 

**Introduced in Windows 10 Anniversary Update**. Used to specify that full http/https URI is being passed for target resolution. Only one of ASSOCF_INIT_FIXED_PROGID, ASSOCF_IS_PROTOCOL or ASSOCF_IS_FULL_URI can be specified at a time.

 <span id="ASSOCF_PER_MACHINE_ONLY"></span><span id="assocf_per_machine_only"></span>**ASSOCF\_PER\_MACHINE\_ONLY** 

**Introduced in Windows 10 Anniversary Update**. Enforces per-machine association look-up only and avoid HKCU.

 <span id="ASSOCF_APP_TO_APP"></span><span id="assocf_app_to_app"></span>**ASSOCF\_APP\_TO\_APP** 

> **Introduced in Windows 10 April 2018 Update**  For http/https uri associations, this enables selecting the OS default browser, that is a controlled by policy settings, instead of the default browser.

Reviewer: While I agree that this string matches the header, that's not really what this is for.

This means "Include app-to-app (apps for websites, URI handlers from packaged apps) when resolving."

Author: ```suggestion
**Introduced in Windows 10 April 2018 Update** Include app-to-app (apps for websites, URI handlers from packaged apps) when resolving.
```
